1. Come up with machines that actually make new modes of work possible, rather than just speeding up the old ones. [1]
    - We see automation as a tool to encourage the exploration of new methods. By reducing the cost of experimentation, we aim to lessen the reluctance to performing riskier experiments.
2. If it can’t be done by machine, who else will do it? But Pan’s article has a different answer: if it can’t be done by machine, perhaps no one will do much of it at all. [1]
3. As longtime readers will know, I’m generally a fan of new technologies and new synthetic techniques, and if they can be made more available and user-friendly in this way, so much the better. These can range from less-common forms of purification (benchtop supercritical fluid chromatography, counter-current chromatography, etc.) to more accessible flow chemistry for synthesis, better front ends for photochemistry, electrochemistry, etc. They try not to engineer anything from the ground up, but rather to enhance commercial equipment where some of that work has already been done. [1]
4. Running chromatography columns more-or-less by hand used to take up a real percentage of my lab time, virtually all of which has been freed up over the years by automated systems. Running TLC plates (analytical ones) was a constant feature of organic synthesis, now (and for some time) largely wiped out by walkup LC/MS machines. [4]
5. These are well-known changes. But another hit me the other day: I used to move around a lot more four-liter solvent jugs. Hexane, ethyl acetate, dichloromethane – I’ve pulled a lot of brown glass out of the cabinets under my hood over the years, and poured a lot of solvent out of those jugs into columns, Erlenmeyers, and sep funnels. But the last two buildings I’ve worked in have had solvent distribution plumbing, so all of these (and more) are on tap. [4]

## Eli Lilly Virtual Med-Chem Assistant
1. What they’re talking about is a software agent that is taking on the job of handing around information around the project as it’s generated – these compounds got made this week, these compounds got tested in these assays, these were the most active of the bunch, here are the ones that haven’t been run yet, etc. [2]
2. This is one of those irritating issues that teams wrestle with, and companies devote a lot of time to figuring out how to share data across large groups in some effective way. Thus you have your Sharepoints and Microsoft Teams and Slacks and Yammers and mailing lists and newsletters and project team updates and meeting minutes and Spotfire files and databases and... it goes on. The tricky parts include: (1) the information to be shared is pretty heterogeneous, ranging from high-level “What assay should we run?” and “What compounds should we make next” stuff down to piles of assay data. And since most projects are running several sorts of assays, at different frequencies and in different hands/locations, with different aims and priorities, keeping track of it all is nontrivial. There have been many “Here are the compounds run this week” sorts of system put in place over the years, but the more context these things can be put in, the better.
